Interview Question
Software Developer Interview

Round 1: Online Test (Aptitude + Technical)- This round is the online test consisting of (Aptitude and Technical Questions) and will be conducted on the Mettl Platform. This will be an MCQ Based round and it will consist of a maximum of 40 questions with a time limit of 60 minutes. This round is divided into two sections Aptitude and Technical Section. Those are -
Aptitude Section - In this section, there will be 15 questions. That will be based on the topics like Verbal Reasoning, Numerical Reasoning, Logical Reasoning, and General Aptitude tests.
Technical Section - In this section, there will be 25 technical questions. And the questions will mostly be based on Data Structures and Algorithms. In some cases, the company will also ask for a maximum of 5 code snippets in which you need to identify errors or predict the output.
Round 2: Online Coding Test - This round is an online coding test consisting of 5 Data Structures and Algorithm based coding questions. The difficulty level of the question will be medium to hard. Nagarro mostly asks questions from the Tree and Graph. In some cases, it can also be from the String and Array-based questions, and approaches are mostly on the Dynamic Programming. The duration of the test will be of 3 hours and will be conducted on the Mettl Platform.
Round 3: Technical Interview - This round is the Technical Interview Round. The interview duration will be of 1 hour and the questions will be asked on various topics related to the computer subjects and followed by 1 or 2 coding questions and SQL Query. This depends on the interviewer and what questions they will ask. But in general, the topics from which the questions will be asked are - Data Structures, Analysis of Algorithms, Computer Networks, Operating systems, Database Management systems, Object-Oriented Programming, Programming Language from resume (Preferred Java), coding questions, and SQL Query. This round will be conducted on Microsoft Teams.
Round 4: HR Interview - This round is an HR Interview Round. This will be your general talk with HR. And the behavioural questions will be asked. Most often, this is a non-elimination round for freshers but you need to take care of the answers. They usually check your interest in the company and how excited you are to work for the Nagarro. But if you are an experienced candidate and applying for the senior position then they check the background of your previous work and many other things.
